# Scrum meeting #3
Date: 09/20/2024
Time: 15 minutes

## Standups
Stand ups(5 minutes or less):
What did I work on? 
- Research
- Documentation
- Website design
- Qwen research

What am I working on? 
- Front end of design
- Research on Back end stuff

Are we on track with the sprint goal? 
- Yes. 

What issues are blocking me? 
- Nothing yet.

Have we identified any new risks? 
- No identified risks yet. 


## Sprint Review
What questions do you have? 
- What would the data ingestion look like?
- What features do we want to include in the first design iteration.


## Sprint Retrospective Meeting
What did we do well?
- Communication was optimal. 
Ticket tracking has been organized. 
- Navigating decision-making as a team. 

What didn’t go so well?
- So far so good. 	

What do we want to improve?
- Communicate on Slack for PR moving forward. 


#Sprint Planning:
_Backlog refinement_**
What was the Sprint goal?
- Define the data ingestion process. 
- Build the frontend codebase structure.
- Make our backend framework concrete. 
- Have the first design iteration complete. 
- Research the ArcGIS model pretrained models that is applicable to AgriLens

product owner— What feature will add the most value for this sprint?
- Design
- Research models

How difficult will each task be? 
- Define the data ingestion process; 8
- Make our backend framework concrete; 5 
- Have the first design iteration complete; 3
- Research the ArcGIS model pretrained models that is applicable to AgriLens; 3

How will we collaborate? 
- Continue to use our framework
