# Scrum meeting #1
Date: 10/04/2024

## Sprint Review

-What questions do you have? 
- When are we going to make finalizations on tools used?
- What data visualizations things do we want to use?

- What am I working on?
- JY: Front end stuff
- BE: licensing and data visualization stuff. 
- JN: Data to have, display, save

- Are we on track with or sprint goal?
No, we need to come to agreement to what tools we need to move forward. 

- What issues are blocking are me?
- Decisions on the tools. But this has now been resolved. 
- Decisions on certain models to progress foward.

Have we identified any new risks?
- Choosing the correct license that is appropriate the external software we are consider using. 

*This is the first meeting so none of these questions will be addressed.*

## Sprint Retrospective Meeting

-What did we do well?
- We communicated and documented everything well. 

-What didn’t go so well?
- Decisively choose tools. 

-What do we want to improve?
- Team decision making. Making a prototype for efficient decision making. Using Slack to communicate thoughts.   


#Sprint Planning:
_Backlog refinement_**

-What is the Sprint goal?
- Start implementation of the website.
- Establish Data that we want to see as features.
- Distinguish Data saved from the front data base. 
- Distinguish Data saved from the backend data base.
 

-*As the product owner:* What feature will add the most value for this sprint?
- Being intent compounded code for futures changes. 
- Data features. 

-How difficult will each task be? 
- Website: 6
- Data: 3
- Second website prototype: 5 

-How will we collaborate? 
- It is midterms week. Majority communication through slack. 