# Scrum meeting #1
Date: 09/14/2024

## Sprint Review

-What questions do you have? 
-How would you use this product? 
-What excites you about the product increment we review? Why is that? 
-What do you dislike about the product? Why is that? 
-How do you feel about the product increment we reviewed? Why is that? 
-If there is one thing about the product we built, what would you change? Why is that? 
-What other product on the market should we learn from? Why is that?

*This is the first meeting so none of these questions will be addressed.*

## Sprint Retrospective Meeting

-What did we do well?
-What didn’t go so well?
-What are we feeling about the upcoming sprint now that we have identified these issues?
-What have we learned?
-What still puzzles us?
-What are the most important things we learned today?
-Where are we confused or unclear on any of the items we discussed today?
-Are we in agreement on what actions item(s) we will take from this retrospective into upcoming sprint planning? 

*This is the first meeting so none of these questions will be addressed.*

#Sprint Planning:
_Backlog refinement_**

-What was the Sprint goal?
We plan on doing research on what others have done. After research, we will choose language, model, framework, training methods to LVM, and collectively put those together for a rough outline in Figma. 

-*As the product owner:* What feature will add the most value for this sprint?
The most valuable take-away from this sprint is to have a proposal for how the project should look and operate. 

-What do we plan to do to achieve this sprint goal? 
The end goal is to have enough data to understand which frameworks to move forward with. 

-How difficult will each task be? 
Decided that each task will have the same levels of difficulties because lots of research is involved. 

-How will we collaborate? 
We will collaborate through communication and fulfilling backlog tickets on ZenHub. 