# Scrum meeting # 2
Date: 09/21/2024

## Sprint Review
-What questions do you have? 
What will be our tech stack be? 
What do we need to know before launching our first key implementation?

-How would you use this product? 
This product will identify plants and their diseases and give suggestions based on climate efficiency. 

-What excites you about the product increment we review? Why is that? 
The idea that there is work now being done to make this product come into fruition. 

-What do you dislike about the product? Why is that? 
Conceptually the product is still not completely clear. 

-How do you feel about the product increment we reviewed? Why is that? 
We are still excited about the product because we believe in the mission of AgriLens. 

-If there is one thing about the product we built, what would you change? Why is that?
We have not built anything yet. 

-What other product on the market should we learn from? Why is that?
NaturalID
PlantID
INaturalist

## Sprint Retrospective Meeting
-What did we do well?
We solidified a development model. 

-What didn’t go so well?
Making decisions on the frameworks that we will use. 

-What are we feeling about the upcoming sprint now that we have identified these issues?
Optimistic. We can now move forward after narrowing down what we need to do. 

-What have we learned?
We have learned about the plant adjacent studies and applications that exists now. 

-What still puzzles us?
We are still unsure about what certain frameworks to use. 

-Where are we confused or unclear on any of the items we discussed today?
No. 

-Are we in agreement on what actions item(s) we will take from this retrospective into upcoming sprint planning? 
We agree that we need to start making decsions on our frameworks so we have a minimal tangible application. 

#Sprint Planning:
_Backlog refinement_**
-What was the Sprint goal?
The goal is to do reseach the difference between firebase and hosting off of a server owned by one of our team members
and then to make a decision to move forward with application implementation. Then a simple static site will utilize 
a chatbot that accepts and return an uploaded photo will be the end product of this sprint. 

-_As the product owner_— What feature will add the most value for this sprint?
The most valuable feature to have a static application. 

-What do we plan to do to achieve this sprint goal? 
We plan to communicate as soon as everyone has done their reseach and then have a tangible application by the end of the sprint.

-How difficult will each task be? 
The research will be an 8. The decision will be 20. Implementing the static website will be a 13. 

-How will we collaborate? 
We will individually do our research and then have a meeting make a decsions. 